Update Ceridian Dayforce connector reference page (#501)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/connectors/ceridiandayforce-connector/ceridiandayforce-connector-example.md

benefits, talent management, workforce management, and services. The entire system resides on cloud that takes the 
burden of managing and replicating data on-premise.

> ## What You'll Build

Reviewer: Use sentence style for titles.  https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/text-formatting/formatting-titles

* `/postEmployeeContact`  - This will create the contact information of an employee when invoked. The relevant 
parameters must be passed in the body as we will see below.

## Setting Up the Environment 

Please follow the steps mentioned at [Setting up Ceridian Dayforce Environment]({{base_path}}/reference/connectors/ceridiandayforce-connector/ceridiandayforce-connector-config/) document in order to create a Ceridian Dayforce developer account and obtain credentials you need to access the 

> Dayforce sample APIs. Keep them saved to be used in the next steps.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dayforce sample APIs.Keep them saved for use in the next steps.  

```

   
    Click on **Update** to save the configurations.

3. Click on the `/getEmployeeAddress` resource method from the **Service Designer** to open the graphical view, where you can add mediators and the connector to the mediation logic.

4. Add a **Log** mediator with the following configurations to log the request message.

    | Field       | Value                |
    |-------------|----------------------|
    | Log Category| INFO                 |
    | Log Level   | full                 |
    | Separator   | ,                    |

5. Add a **Property Group** mediator with the following parameters. 

    | Property name       | Property value (as expression)    |
    |---------------------|-----------------------------------|
    | username            | json-eval($.username)             |
    | password           | json-eval($.password)             |
    | clientNamespace    | json-eval($.clientNamespace)      |
    | apiVersion         | json-eval($.apiVersion)           |
    | contextDateRangeFrom | json-eval($.contextDateRangeFrom) |
    | contextDateRangeTo | json-eval($.contextDateRangeTo)   |
    | xRefCode           | json-eval($.xRefCode)             |

>     You can add these properties by clicking on **Add Parameter** of the **Property Group** tab. When entering the `Property Value` fields, make sure to select the `Ex` button to specify the value types as expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can add these properties by clicking on the **Add Parameter** of the **Property Group** tab. When entering the `Property Value` fields, make sure to select the `Ex` button to specify the value types as expressions.
```

> ## Setting up the environment 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Set up the environment 
```

Author: In the guideline, it has been suggested to use the `-ing` form in the titles.

Author: The guideline has been revised to use simple present tense

Please follow the steps mentioned at [Setting up Ceridian Dayforce Environment]({{base_path}}/reference/connectors/ceridiandayforce-connector/ceridiandayforce-connector-config/) document in order to create a Ceridian Dayforce developer account and obtain credentials you need to access the 
Dayforce sample APIs. Keep them saved for use in the next steps.  

> ## Setting up the integration project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up the integration project
```

Author: In the guideline, it has been suggested to use the `-ing` form.

Author: The guideline has been revised to use the simple present tense.

Follow the steps in [create integration project]({{base_path}}/develop/create-integration-project/) to set up the Integration Project.

> ## Creating the integration logic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create the integration logic
```

    Click on **Submit** to save the configurations.

8. Add the `getEmployeeAddresses` operation to the mediation logic. Click on `+` in the graphical view and select the `cerdiandayforce` connector from the list of connectors. Select the `getEmployeeAddresses` operation from the list of operations.

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/dayforce/add-dayforce-get-addresses.png" title="Add Get Employee Addresses" width="800" alt="Add Get Employee Addresses"/>  

9. Click on the **Add Parameter** and add the following parameters to the Ceridian Dayforce connector's `getEmployeeAddresses` operation.

    | Parameter name | Parameter value (as expression) |
    |----------------|---------------------------------|
    | xRefCode       | $ctx:xRefCode                   |
    | contextDate    | $ctx:contextDate                |
    | contextDateRangeFrom | $ctx:contextDateRangeFrom   |
    | contextDateRangeTo | $ctx:contextDateRangeTo       |

    Click on **Submit** to save the configurations.

> 10. Add a **Send** mediator to the mediation logic to send the response back to the client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
10. Add a **Respond** mediator to the mediation logic to send the response back to the client.
```

Reviewer 2: You can point to the Respond mediator docs in this space here.

[Respond Mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/respond-mediator/)

    | username       | $ctx:username                   |
    | password       | $ctx:password                   |
    | clientNamespace | $ctx:clientNamespace           |
    | apiVersion     | $ctx:apiVersion                 |

    Click on **Submit** to save the configurations.

17. Add the `postEmployeeContacts` operation to the mediation logic. Click on `+` in the graphical view and select the `cerdiandayforce` connector from the list of connectors. Select the `postEmployeeContacts` operation.

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/dayforce/add-dayforce-post-employee-contacts.png" title="Add Post Employee Contacts" width="800" alt="Add Post Employee Contacts"/>

18. Click on **Add Parameter** and add the following parameters to the Ceridian Dayforce connector's `postEmployeeContacts` operation.

    | Parameter name | Parameter value (as expression) |
    |----------------|---------------------------------|
    | xRefCode       | $ctx:xRefCode                   |
    | isValidateOnly | $ctx:isValidateOnly             |
    | fieldAndValue  | $ctx:fieldAndValue              |

    Click on **Submit** to save the configurations.

> 19. Add a **Send** mediator to the mediation logic to send the response back to the client.

Reviewer 2: You can point to the Respond mediator docs in this space here.

[Respond Mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/respond-mediator/)

				    <property name="clientNamespace" scope="default" type="STRING" expression="json-eval($.clientNamespace)"/>
				    <property name="apiVersion" scope="default" type="STRING" expression="json-eval($.apiVersion)"/>
				    <property name="isValidateOnly" scope="default" type="STRING" expression="json-eval($.isValidateOnly)"/>
				    <property name="fieldAndValue" scope="default" type="STRING" expression="json-eval($.fieldAndValue)"/>
				    <property name="xRefCode" scope="default" type="STRING" expression="json-eval($.xRefCode)"/>
			    </propertyGroup>
			    <ceridiandayforce.init>
				    <username>{$ctx:username}</username>
				    <password>{$ctx:password}</password>
				    <clientNamespace>{$ctx:clientNamespace}</clientNamespace>
				    <apiVersion>{$ctx:apiVersion}</apiVersion>
			    </ceridiandayforce.init>
			    <ceridiandayforce.postEmployeeContacts>
				    <xRefCode>{$ctx:xRefCode}</xRefCode>
				    <isValidateOnly>{$ctx:isValidateOnly}</isValidateOnly>
				    <fieldAndValue>{$ctx:fieldAndValue}</fieldAndValue>
			    </ceridiandayforce.postEmployeeContacts>

> 			    <send/>

Reviewer 2: Use respond mediator

		    </inSequence>
		    <faultSequence>
		    </faultSequence>
	    </resource>
    </api>
    ```

## Exporting integration logic as a CApp

> In order to export the project, refer to the [build and export the carbon application]({{base_path}}/develop/deploy-artifacts/#build-and-export-the-carbon-application) guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to export the project, refer to the [build and export the composite application]({{base_path}}/develop/deploy-artifacts/#build-and-export-the-carbon-application) guide.
```

## Deployment

In order to deploy and run the project, refer the [build and run]({{base_path}}/develop/deploy-artifacts/#build-and-run) guide.  

> You can further refer the application deployed through the CLI tool. See the instructions on [managing integrations from the CLI]({{base_path}}/observe-and-manage/managing-integrations-with-apictl).

Reviewer 2: This page is renamed to micli. Please check

Author: Updated accordingly.
